Odyssey Fitness Training

Personal Trainer in San Diego
Whether it’s your goal to transform your body and lose weight, or build sustainable growth in your muscles, fitness requires determination and perseverance. Odyssey’s Fitness Training personal Personal Training services in San Diego take into account training regimes, personalized plans based on your personal goals, and help with nutrition and dieting. The hardest part is getting started - Odyssey gives you a running start.

About Me
I used to be a skinny guy, coming in at around 6ft and 150 lbs.  My diet wasn’t overly healthy - plenty of fast food and snacks - and I was involved in some sports in school, but my level of activity dropped right off when I graduated. I knew that to maintain my weight and start gaining mass I’d have to take on my own training journey. It’s that experience which I use to help my clients reach their dream figure.

Flexible Fitness Training
Cardio and strength training make up the core components of weight loss and improvements to your body’s health. Starting out on your own can be tricky: which exercises best suit your body shape? How can a diet impact your health goals? How do you build a training schedule which shows results? At Odyssey Fitness Training I use my experience to build personalized plans built around your own goals.

Athletic Training Or Weight Loss
The benefits of personal training can be as serious or as casual as you like. As long as there are commitments towards making reasonable changes to your lifestyle and diet, you’ll see progress. Odyssey offers services for people who want explosive change, fast, or athletic performance, or for those who want to casually transform their body over a long-term training partnership.

Post Physical Therapy
Getting back on your feet is important after undergoing surgery or experiencing physical trauma. While Odyssey is not a PT service, we provide on-going post physical therapy scheduled fitness programs to keep you active. Each of these is structured around your personal goals. It’s a patient service designed to progress at your pace - the aim is to be consistently active, no crunching needed! Let us know where you see yourself in a few weeks or months and I’ll help construct realisable fitness goals.

All Fitness Levels Are Welcome
Personal fitness trainers in San Diego are not just reserved for those who are already fit. Odyssey gladly helps anyone of any fitness level - health through fitness and an optimized diet is helpful to anyone, from any walk of life. Whether you’re just beginning your journey, need to lose weight for an upcoming special event - lots of people come in to drop a size or two for their wedding, both men and women! - or need that final push to reach your muscle goals, contact me for a professional consultation.


